Remove webhook & add grid & EBNF images (#440)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/7_design-notes.md

This section contains various design decisions that might be relevant to understand the FHIRcast specification.

### Remove `webhook` channel

> Originally, FHIRcast supported a `webhook` channel (URL callbacks). As part of the STU3 ballot reconciliation, it was decided to remove support for `webhooks` as `websockets` provide all required functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Originally, FHIRcast supported a `webhook` channel (URL callbacks). As part of FHIRcast STU3, support for `webhooks` was removed in favor of `websockets` as the single communication method.

```
Suggest we write for the eventual publish of STU3.

This section contains various design decisions that might be relevant to understand the FHIRcast specification.

### Remove `webhook` channel

Originally, FHIRcast supported a `webhook` channel (URL callbacks). As part of the STU3 ballot reconciliation, it was decided to remove support for `webhooks` as `websockets` provide all required functionality.

> The field `hub.channel.type` was used to indicate the channel type to use for event notification. This field has been retained in order to facilitate adding new channels in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field `hub.channel.type` was used to indicate the channel type to use for event notification. This field has been retained in order to support backward compatibility as well as facilitate potentially adding new channels in the future.

```
